 ● Create a text file called interpretation.txt and fill in your answers 
   to the questions below.
 
 ● Run your kmeans.py file using 3 clusters on the 1953 and 2008 datasets
   separately. Document your observations in your text file. Take note of how
   the clusters change from 1953 to 2008. You will need to pay attention not
   only to which countries are in clusters together but also to the Life
   Expectancy and BirthRates for those clusters.

   - 1953 Observations: 
   
   Main observations of the 1953 dataset, using 3 clusters shows the cluster with the 
   lowest centroid (22.017625) has the least amount of countries (48) belonging to that cluster, which 
   represents first-world or developed countries.
   
   These are countries with lower birth rates and the highest mean life expectancies of
   over 65 years. Some of these countries in North America include Canada and the United States, 
   as well as Asian countries, Japan and the Democratic Republic of Korea and Oceania's Australia
   and New Zealand. The majority of the European continent's countries also belongs to this cluster, 
   including the United Kingdom, Italy, Belgium, Spain and Scandanavian regions (Demark, Norway and
   Sweden). 
   
   Observations of these clusters also suggests the higher the centroid, the higher the birth rate and
   the lower the mean life expectancy of the countries belonging to that particular cluster. This is evident 
   in the cluster with a higher centroid of 41.22366667, which 60 countries belong to. This cluster represents
   second-world countries. 
   
   As previously stated, the birth rate is higher and the mean life expectancy of the countries belonging to 
   this cluster is just over 55 years. Some of the countries belonging to this cluster includes 
   Mexico, Chile, Cuba, Brazil and Panama from South America, Mauritius from Africa, Philipines, Sri Lanka, 
   Singapore, Malaysia and Thailand from Asia.
   
   This suggests there's quite a few South American and Asian countries belonging to this cluster and very few,
   if any European or North American countries belonging to this cluster. There is also very few African countries 
   in this cluster. 
   
   Finally, the cluster with the highest centroid point of 47.36817045 (the highest birth rate), 
   represents developing or third-world countries. These are countries with the highest mean birth 
   rates and lowest mean life expectancy of just over 39 years. It is interesting to note it is the 
   cluster with the most countries - 88 in total belonging to this cluster. Another interesting 
   observation is that a majority of the countries in this cluster are situated on the African
   continent. Some of these countries include Egypt, Congo, Mozambique and South Africa. A few
   South American countries also belong to this cluster including Honduras, Nicaragua and El Salvador
   and Asian countries such as India, Pakistan and Bangladesh. Almost no European or North American 
   regions are present in this cluster. 
   
   - 2008 Observations: 
   
   The first interesting observation of the 2008 dataset is that the mean life expectancy in all 
   3 clusters have increased, while the mean birth rate is slightly lower in all clusters, compared
   to the 1953 dataset. 
   
   The cluster with the lowest centroid (birth rate) of 12.12441558, has the highest mean life 
   expectancy of over 76 years. Once again, this cluster mainly represents developed or first-world 
   countries. Some countries that were previously in clusters with higher centroids, such as Brazil,
   Mauritius and Singapore, with higher birth rates and lower mean life expectancies, have moved up
   to this cluster. 
   
   Countries that remain in a high cluster, include the United States, Canada and most of Europe,
   such as Austria, Belgium, Italy and the United Kingdom. Interestingly, as opposed to the 1953 dataset, 
   this cluster holds the most countries, having 80 countries belonging to this cluster. 
   
   The next cluster, with a slightly higher centroid (birth rate) of 22.89519444
   has a decreased mean life expectancy of just over 70 years. This cluster includes
   countries such as Venezuela, Egypt, Algeria, Libya and Mexico. This cluster has
   a total of 69 countries belonging to it. 
   
   On the other hand, the third and lowest cluster, with the highest centroid of 37.72787234, has
   the lowest mean life expectancy of just over 53 years. Interestingly, as opposed to the 
   1953 dataset, where this cluster had the most number of countries belonging to it, 
   it now holds the least amount of countries - 47 in total. Once again, as in the 1953 dataset, 
   the majority of these countries are located on the African continent, such as South Africa, Ethiopia, 
   Zimbabwe and Kenya. Actually, closely observing this cluster, this cluster is almost exclusively 
   comprised of African countries, with some exceptions of Papua New Guinea and Yemen. 
   
   Overall observations of the 2008 data, it suggests that the general mean birth rate has 
   decreased and the mean life expectancy has increased, even in developing countries. 
   This could be as a result of increased urbanisation and industrialisation. 
   
   ● Next, run the algorithm with 4 clusters on dataBoth.csv. Note any
     observations in your text file. Which countries are moving up clusters?
     How does the data from 2008 compare to the data from 1958? Are there
     any 2008 countries that are in a cluster that is made up mostly of 1953
     countries? Try and explain why. Are there any 1953 countries that are in a
     cluster that is made up of mostly 2008 countries? Try and explain why in
     your text file.
	 
	 - dataBoth observations: 
	 
	 Interestingly, using 4 clusters on dataBoth.csv, it is observed that
	 a number of African countries, such as Swaziland, South Africa and Botswana 
	 are moving up clusters, whereas countries such as Angola, Mali and Nigeria 
	 remain in a lower cluster, categorized by a high mean birth rate and a lower
	 mean life expectancy. 
	 
	 Another interesting observation made, the lowest cluster, with centroid 47.67017544, which has 
	 the lowest mean life expectancy out of all 4 clusters, is only comprised of 1953 country data. 
	 
	 Countries such as Canada, the United States and majority of European countries including Austria, 
	 Germany, Greece, Italy and Ireland, as well as autonomous island territories such as Barbados,
	 Fiji, Cyprus and Jamaica remain in the highest cluster, characterized by low mean birth rates and 
	 the highest mean life expectancy of just over 73 years. The reason for this can primarily be linked
	 to improved socio-economic standards, urbanisation and industrialisation, which then leads 
	 to improved standards of living. This increases the overall life expectancies in these regions. 
	 
	 On the other hand, African countries such as Angola, Malawi, Nigeria and Mozambique 
	 which is in the lowest cluster, characterized by a high mean birth rate and low mean life expectancy,
	 is in a cluster made up of primarily 1953 data. The reason for this could be greatly reduced 
	 socio-economic development, lack of proper infrastructure, industrialisation and urbanisation 
	 which could detrimentally impact on access to healthcare, education, which in turn, leads to higher
	 birth rates and lower life spans among the citizens of the mentioned regions. 
	 
	 A common observation made is that countries grouped in the higher clusters (first and second-world
     countries)	 have higher life expectancies, while countries in low clusters (third-world or developing
	 countries) have much lower life expectancies, which can greatly be attributed to lack of access to
	 quality healthcare and poverty. 